[#9885] add `tls:` server endpoint that supports SNI, PEM parsing, and supporting code that changes OpenSSL connection/context building (#11861)
twisted/twisted: docs/core/howto/endpoints.rst

   For example, ``tcp6:port=80:interface=2001\:0DB8\:f00e\:eb00\:\:1``.

TLS
    The ``tls:`` string endpoint is a wrapper, that wraps a TCP endpoint.
    By default, it wraps ``tcp:443``.
    Its first argument is a path to a directory where you keep your PEM-format certificate and private key files.
    It will automatically match keys, certificates, and intermediate certificate bundles up with each other for you, and determine which ones to use based on the server name identification sent by the client.
    The remaining arguments are all arguments to the ``tcp`` endpoint type.

>     For example, ``tls:/etc/ssl/private:443:interface=1.2.3.4``.

Reviewer: Maybe use a better name and describe the structure of the directory ... `/etc/ssl/private` might make you think that you have a single file, to the private key....

I know that the docs above mention that you need to pass the path to a directory

Is this directory structure compatible with `certbot` ?
In that case, the path should be `/etc/letsencrypt/live/` ... so we configured with the root path for all certificate names ... and not a specific certificate.
 

```suggestion
    For example, ``tls:/etc/ssl/server-name:443:interface=1.2.3.4``.
    
    The `/etc/ssl/server-certs` will contain the following files,
    which are compatible with the directory structure used by `certbot`
    to store the files for a single certificate name.
    
    * /etc/ssl/server-name/cert.pem
    * /etc/ssl/server-name/privkey.pem
    * /etc/ssl/server-name/chain.pem 
```

Author: > Maybe use a better name and describe the structure of the directory ... `/etc/ssl/private` might make you think that you have a single file, to the private key....

`/etc/ssl/private` is the standard location for private certificate data in many linux distributions. I don't know if it's in LFS, but e.g. Ubuntu documents it officially: https://documentation.ubuntu.com/server/explanation/security/certificates/

I've never seen `/etc/ssl/server-name` as an idiom before.
